Seasons:

Dec/Jan/Feb:	Brume, or The Thaw. Begins at the Winter Solstice.
Feb/Mar/Apr:	Vern, The Spring. Spring Equinox falls at the midpoint.
Apr/May/Jun:	Estiva, or The Bloom. Flower Festival falls at midpoint.
Jun/Jul/Aug:	Serotine, or The Summer. Begins at the Summer Solstice
Aug/Sep/Oct:	Autumn, or The Fall. Fall Equinox falls at the midpoint
Oct/Nov/Dec:	Hiberna, or The Winter.

Samhain
Flower Festival: May Day. fertility festival, featuring a dance held around a tall tree.


Hybridized Zodiac:











Holidays:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wheel_of_the_Year
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_multinational_festivals_and_holidays

Wheel of the Year:
	Yule/Midwinter: Rebirth of Sun, and lengthening days. Features sacrifices, feasting, gift giving, tree decorating, adorning house with tree boughs and leaves.
	Imbolc: Marks the stirrings of Spring, and cleaning for the new year of life. Features dancing, feasting, and purification/fertility rituals.
	Ostara: Celebration of the Vernal Equinox. Easter.
	Beltane: "May Day".
	
December:
	Yule:
	
	Saturnalia:
	
	
	
Jan/Feb:
	Imbolc: Midpoint of Winter Solstice and Spring Equinox. Time of Divination, celebration at Sacred Springs, and of many rituals relating to purification and fertility. People ritually wash or cleanse themselves at sacred wells and springs; Clooties (colorful scraps of cloth) were used to wash, and then tied to trees near them (Ash trees or Whitethorn trees), particularly to aid the healing of old wounds. Offerings were made "to land and sea" such as milk from spring sheep and goats poured out as libation. Fire symbolizes purification, and was an important symbol; bonfires were lit, and Torches were carried by peasants, while praying to purify and enrich the ground for planting. Wheat from last years harvest is used to make cakes and crepes, to bring fertility to this year's crops. Dances were held around wells (rotating sunwise). Divinations were made about Bears, Snakes, or Badgers comming out of their dens to determine the comming weather.
		
	Brigid: Goddess representing the light half of the year. On the Eve of Imbolc, dinners were set out for Brigid, who was symbolically invited into homes (a family member representing her knock 3 times, and were let in with a chant carrying rushes to weave into crosses, after everyone set down to dinner. Before bed, strips of cloth were left outside to be blessed with healing and protection power by Brigid. A bed was made, and a wand of birch for her to bless the crops and cause the plants to grow again. Sometimes on the Eve, a girl or reed doll wearing a bright shell or crystal on her chest was paraded by girls and young women (sometimes unmarried boys and girls) dressed in white with unbound hair, singing seasonal songs. They visited every house and recieved snacks or more decorations for "Brigid". Then everyone settled down for a community feast, with "Brigid" sitting in the seat of honor. Afterward, "Brigid" was put to bed (which freeed any representative to rejoin everyone out of charcter), the the young folks asked to be excused from dinner to go have a party and get crazy.
	
	Lupercalia: Roman festival to avert evil spirits and purify the city, bringing health and fertility back. Involved ritual lashings by people dressed in animal skins and masks (goats or wolves) to ensure fertility and ease chilbirth.
	
	Feralia: More ancient and rustic celebration of Manes (spirits of deceased individuals and ancestors). Offerings left at tombs. Unhappy Lemures (ancestors unburried) may come to old homes, and should be lured out with special charms and chants.
	
	Disablot: Sacrificial holiday held in honor of female spirits (Valkyrie and Disr), to enhance the comming harvest. Involved feasts, and reddening an altar with blood.
	
	The Bear: The end of hibernation of the bear symbolizes the end of winter. Bears come out to check if the weather will be mild. People dress in bear costumes, apparently mocked abductions and rape? Weird shit!

Oct/Nov:
	Samhain.: Halfway between Autumn Equinox and Winter Solstice.
		
